fixed typo (#1614)
EngineHub/WorldEdit: CHANGELOG.txt

- Added //drawsel, a Server-Side WorldEditCUI for small cuboid selections (< 32x32x32)
- Rewrote the block parser, now properly handles Minecraft 1.13 names (See this blog post for more information)
- Switched to the Sponge Schematic format, as the MCEdit Schematic Format does not work in 1.13

>     - Old schematics will be loaded and converted as good as possible

Reviewer: I somewhat prefer the original - but neither are actually correct.

Probably best for this to be `well`

Reviewer 2: "well" does not fit either IMO, my proposal:
```suggestion
    - Old schematics will be loaded and converted, though the conversion may not be 100% accurate
```
